c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Email.exe.config
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Email.exe
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Email.pdb
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\obj\Debug\Email.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\obj\Debug\Email.Form1.resources
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\obj\Debug\Email.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\obj\Debug\Email.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\obj\Debug\Email.exe
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\obj\Debug\Email.pdb
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\MailKit.dll
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\MimeKit.dll
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\MailKit.xml
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\MimeKit.xml
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\adida\onedrive\tài liệu\visual studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
C:\Users\adida\OneDrive\Document\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Email.exe.config
C:\Users\adida\OneDrive\Document\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\obj\Debug\Email.exe
C:\Users\adida\OneDrive\Document\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\obj\Debug\Email.pdb
C:\Users\adida\OneDrive\Document\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Email.exe
C:\Users\adida\OneDrive\Document\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\bin\Debug\Email.pdb
C:\Users\adida\OneDrive\Document\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\obj\Debug\Email.Form1.resources
C:\Users\adida\OneDrive\Document\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\obj\Debug\Email.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\adida\OneDrive\Document\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\obj\Debug\Email.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\adida\OneDrive\Document\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Email\Email\obj\Debug\Email.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\HTHT\Keylog\Email.exe.config
